Add /info Endpoint (#540)
dotnet/dotnet-monitor: documentation/api/definitions.md

# Definitions

## DotnetMonitorInfo

> Object describing diagnostic/automation information about the executing instance of Dotnet-Monitor.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Object describing diagnostic/automation information about the executing instance of `dotnet monitor`.
```

We try to stylize it as `dotnet monitor` in the documentation in order to promote the usage of launching it through the `dotnet` executable.

| Name | Type | Description |
|---|---|---|
| Version | string | The current version of Dotnet-Monitor. |
| RuntimeVersion | string | The version of the dotnet runtime. |

> | ListeningMode | string | Indicates whether Dotnet-Monitor is in `Client` mode or `Listen` mode. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| DiagnosticPortMode | string | Indicates whether `dotnet montor` is in `connect` mode or `listen` mode. |
```
